What about my husband? Why hasn't my husband come yet?
My brother has his own work to do
If Sister Chu, you had to live in Qinling last night
Does Sister Qin not have a place to live?
My sister has taken pictures.
I am my husband's wife
Where else can I live if I don't live on his night?
You hey hey hey you calm down
Calm down, everyone is here
Don't wait for me, eat now
Hey
Who the hell is sick? Put the snake on my bed
Don't you know that I am most afraid of snakes?
But you can quietly put snakes on my bed
The person who started it might be hiding in the house
Don't say anything until the investigation is clear
So as not to startle the snake
What were you discussing?
I heard it outside the hospital
What just now?
Uh no nothing
Husband, this is the shrimp I made with my own hands
You try it thank you
Big brother
This is the beef braised by my little sister herself.
They're delicious!
What's so good about good beef?
My shrimp are healthy and nutritious
My beef keeps me fit
Eat my own
My, my.
My oops is enough
Well, I'm going out for a walk.
Eat slowly, bro